it's now down to the chocolate mousse
it's the last chance for the chefs to
prove themselves
Chris despite his fear of desserts
chris has risked adding the liqueur Kish
to his mousse recipe it's a little bit
dense which I think you may have over
whisked the egg whites but it's good
thank you it's good thank you very much
right let's get in you can smell that
the Cure as it comes up past your nose I
think the flavors are stunning the
alcohol gives it a real deepness that
the chocolate slightly relieves it's
gorgeous
I feel duty-bound as a judge to have
another go thank you very much
they're very happy with my mousse it's
given me a great boost I think yeah I've
got a very good chance now Brian let's
move on to Adrian following his
experimental urge Adrian has added a
layer of orange curd to his mousse I
think it looks smart that child of
chocolate very modern I like the idea
that you have layered it as well I'm
gonna have to delve down deep get some
of that orange oh yeah
it's very smooth very rich it's got the
air bubbles that's good
in fact that's very good that isn't just
a chocolate mousse that is some
that's a real desert that I love it
that's great but
the most wasn't just nice it was very
nice and for him to say that two films
freshly only brilliant I mean all right
moving on to Richard
unlike Adrian Richard has stuck to the
classic chocolate mousse recipe but has
gone all out with his presentation it's
full to the brim and I don't like that
the mousse itself is probably the
lightest it has loads of bubbles in
there it's a good chocolate mousse
whether or not it's a Michelin star
standard mousse is another question yeah
it's far too much going on there you
order the chocolate mousse because
that's predominately what you want and
you've got to get through two layers of
rubble really good mousse I feel great
that they said those Mir the mousse was
the lightest all three very glad of that
and without the standards and good stand
to get through the next round